Bill to Branch B as HomeBranch of Truck is in Branch B 
and Credit Party at Branch A and Later Transfer Expenses and Gst to Branch A;

Payment : Driver Salary Payable to Payment Memo. process in Bulk.



Create Cross Charge - Rent for Trucks for Using Other than Home Branch - NO GST effects (Exempted by law)

Show Last rate for Items in PO for a Branch.

ItemWise Remarks Mandatory in PO in case of excess rates

Remove Additional Tds from Purchase Form

Remove Items Add option from Purchase If created from GRN

Change BranchID to Abbrev in DocNum

Feature to Move OwnBank from one branch to another .. And Post a contra entry between branches at the time of transfer.

Limit Cash accounts to Debit balance Only

feature to remove payment memo from Initiated payment. even after approval

Store : UOM in Inv Request

Jobcard..: Starting time for each job to be captured

Inventory Request must be closed/Completed before closing Jobcard

Inv Request must be approved for displaying at Store

Jobcard :  Return Unused inventory to Store -   with same value as it is issued. Crete GRN but no Invoice. Reverse expenses for the returned items.

Suggestion :-  Intermediary Godown for Requested Spareparts . Track the status of request..  Post financial and inventory entries at the time of 'closing of Request Manually'.

Used Inventory :  Return Inventory with value..  Reverse expenses with the value entered. 

insurance claim events :  Work quotes may rise at any time (multiple). Demanded Claim and received claim in Insurance table.
Additional file uploads (multiple) for work quotes,  Create Receipt for Insurance claim from claim form and link it.

Periodic Maintenance :  Deny Trip if not created Jobcard from maintenance info.  Show Notifications to branch where truck is active at the time of notification.

Jobcard : Gst Bill -  Check If Sale bill can be issued to operating branch. discuss with Shibin.

JobCard :  Update warrenty Status and Goodwill discount stats on updating each job in Jobcard. Show these data in JobHistory.

Jobcard : Odometer field when creating jobcard

Inventory Item Master :  Further Group Items like Engine,Gearbox Etc., Also add field For 'Make'.

Maintenance Spare Usage : Track Previously Used Time and Km at the time of Request Approval.
Periodic Service : Add field 'Type Of Reminder' .  And 'Periodic Service Type' must be active all the time.

Tyre :  Notification for Tyres pending to be created from GRN After the day.
Tyre :  Mandatory to have tyres attached to all positions to the truck.  Create axles and tyrepositions link table.
Tyre : Make Jocard Mandatory 
Tyre : Field for Number of Resoles ..  add for each resoles 

Truck Request and Approval : Running KM, Fuel,Expenses (Toll,Wages etc),Mileage Shortage must be captured.

Trip :  Treat AdBlue like Fuel... 


Driver :  Blacklisted Drivers must be approved before assigning to Truck.
Driver :  Fault Must have Amount Column
Driver :  Track Drivers from all the branches with Adhaar Number and Licence Number.  

Branch :  Party - Branchwise.. Create a Party - Allocated Branch link.
